New spying interface (#726)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/cheatcodes/spy_events.md

  From this moment all events emitted by the `SpyEventsChecker` contract will be spied.
- We have to call `fetch_events` method on the created spy to load emitted events into it.
- When events are fetched they are loaded into the `events` property of our spy and we can assert them.

> - If the event is emitted by calling `self.emit` method, its hashed name is saved under the `keys.at(0)`  

Reviewer: I would mention that it is the way starknet does it

- When contract is called we don't have to call `fetch_events` on the spy (it is done inside
  the `assert_emitted` method).

> - `assert_emitted` takes the array snapshot of tuples `(ContractAddress, events)` we expect were emitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `assert_emitted` takes the array snapshot of tuples `(ContractAddress, event)` with an event and an address we expect the event to have been emitted from.
```
idk if not too complex sentence though

Author: I think it is too complex

Reviewer: Okay, I would still fix the typo though
```suggestion
- `assert_emitted` takes the array snapshot of tuples `(ContractAddress, event)` we expect were emitted.
```
